---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: A Series of Turning Events
date: 2017-08-31
labels:
  - ICS
  - Learning
  - Creativity
---
Looking back, not too many things caught my interest and if it did I'd quickly realize myself getting bored with it. The only thing till this day that has still kept me interseted was creativity and artistic ability. It all started when I was very young, in elementary school, art had always shined through my eyes and as young as I was thoughts of becoming an artist would always be on my mind. But now that isn't the case anymore, although my interest in art is still there. I started learning more about art and anything to do with it. I saw that art came in many different forms and at the same time was introduced to more technology which opened up many paths to take that will lead me to my future. 

Technology, well mostly gaming related, is another thing that caught my interests as well many more in this world. Growing up playing video games and with an artistic mindset I treated video games as a form of art. Any video game that someone or a group of people created is basically art because if came from and initial thought of design. It was a creative idea that consists of many artistic characteristics. The thought of creating something as great as a video game or anything that would give other people entertainment became a possible goal for me.

Started from just drawing and playing video games as hobbies to relating art and technology together became a lifestyle of learning and looking to create something that pleases an audience such that how video games have done for me. These points have lead me to where I am now continuing to learn more and more about programming hoping to soon be able to design and create a game of my own that will also have original artworks that I've created.


