---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Learning, Practice to Perfection
date: 2017-09-01
labels:
  - ICS
  - Learning
  - Javascript
---
Javascript, a programming language that is very familiar but not yet very skillful with yet. Only knowing most of the basics and starting the ICS 314 Software Engineering course at UH Manoa I didn’t particularly learn a lot about Javascript yet. But freecodecamp.org was very helpful in understanding more about the language. And since I have an interest in web design I have taken advantage and went ahead with going through the HTML and CSS part of the camp. Going more about Javascript learning and understanding it was easier than the programming languages I’ve encountered so far especially with the new ES6 update Javascript is much more easier and looks more cleaner when I code now. 

As for the Javascript as a programming language, is it a good programming language from a software engineering? In my opinion I think it is because JavaScript is increasingly becoming an indispensable tool. It is becoming a huge source of jobs, not just at startups but also at large enterprises. It has solidified its place as the language of new age technologies and software development, much more so than any other language.

Athletic software engineering? This is a great way to practice and become comfortable with coding and it will soon become second nature by continuing to do so. I think this is a great idea with Workout of the Day since I come from a sports training background. A valuable lesson that I learned from wrestling back in high school and even now I am currently powerlifting, is that the amount of work put into your craft it will certainly show later on when the time comes. So, I enjoy practicing and doing the WODs because it gives me a chance to critically think and condition my thought process so that I’ll be able to think quickly on the spot when looking for a solution to a problem. Overall with anything, practice and more practice makes perfect.
